Updating Arrikto Distributions (#3247)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/distributions/kfaas/_index.md

+++
title = "Arrikto Kubeflow as a Service"

> description = "Kubeflow as a Service makes it easy for everyone to developing serving models with just the click of a button!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "Kubeflow as a Service makes it easy for everyone to develop and serve models with the click of a button."
```
